---
layout: post
title:  "Experience FPV"
date: 2020-09-17
categories: Graduation_Research
tags: Arduino Python Prototype
mathjax: true
author: S.Takahashi
---

* content
{:toc}

## FPV Experience
RC car gets Gopro live stream view (FPV).
And it is experienced on propotional controller and 
steering wheel and dualshock3 at laboratory.


Processing gamecontrolplus library is compatible with any gamepads. So, transplanting dualshock3 is easy.


RC car velocity is set slow mode for operation usability.

## Propotional Controller

- FPV -> High velocity operation is unable due to camera view latency is remarkable. Temporarily, its latency is not appeared, Operator is expected to be sickness.

- TPV -> We can feel this operation type more confortable than FPV. It may depend on propotional controller operation experience




## Steering Wheel Controller

- FPV -> Low velocity operation is more fun than high-speed.
- TPV -> This is less fun than FPV, but more fun than Dualshock 3.

## Dualshock 3

- FPV -> This is as usable as than steering wheel when we use at low velocity operation.

- TPV -> Race game operation is the nearest setting of its usability.


## Consequence

- High velocity control is lagged because of streaming latency, so its contrability is not confortable.

- Using of low velocity at automobile training institute is valid.

## Future Plans
- Exhibit on school event.
- Conducting a survey about contrability of this remote driving system
- Experienced at driving cars
- Licenced operator
- No licence and, driving experience,but experienced at driving simulator, and something like racing game.
- Experienced at RC car
- Novice
- Clarify of difficulty distribution
- Ammusement of operation method